Extensions Documentation Updates (mainly structure, flow, and design; not content) (#15300)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/extensions/usage.md

# Using Sourcegraph extensions

## Usage

To view all available extensions on your Sourcegraph instance, click **User menu > Extensions** in the top navigation bar.

> > Don't see an extension you need? You can also [author your own extension](authoring/index.md) or [request it](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aextension-request) with an issue labeled `extension-request`.

Reviewer: This sounds friendlier to me
```suggestion
> Don't see an extension you need? You can also [author your own extension](authoring/index.md) or [share your idea](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aextension-request) with an issue labeled `extension-request`.
```
